A lonely road, crossed another
cold state line
Miles away from those I love
purpose undefined
While I recall all the words
you spoke to me
Can't help but wish that I was there
And where I'd love to be, oh yeah
Dear God the only thing I ask of you is
To hold her when I'm not around
When I'm much too far away
We all need that person who
can be true to you
But I left her when I found her
And now I wish I'd stayed
'Cause I'm lonely and I'm tired
I'm missing you again oh no
Once again
There's nothing here for me on
this barren road
There's no one here while the
city sleeps
And all the shops are closed
Can't help but think of the
times I've had with you
Pictures and some memories
will have to help me through,
oh yeah
Dear God the only thing I ask
of you is to hold her when I'm
not around
When I'm much too far away
We all need that person who
can be true to you
I left her when I found her
And now I wish I'd stayed
'Cause I'm lonely and I'm tired
I'm missing you again oh no
Once again
Some search, never finding a way
Before long, they waste away
I found you, something told me to stay
I gave in, to selfish ways
And how I miss someone to hold
When hope begins to fade
A lonely road, crossed another
cold state line
Miles away from those I love
purpose undefined
Dear God the only thing I ask
of you is to hold her when I'm
not around
When I'm much too far away
We all need the person who can
be true to you
I left her when I found her
And now I wish I'd stayed
'Cause I'm lonely and I'm tired
I'm missing you again oh no
Once again
www.RentAnAdviser.com